Update README.md with CI/CD (#15)
sharedRDM/instance: README.md

| ``Dockerfile`` | Dockerfile used to build base image, without theme. |
| ``Dockerfile.mug`` | Dockerfile used to build MUG image. |
| ``Dockerfile.theme`` | Dockerfile used to build default override theme image. |

## CI/CD

There are 2 workflows implemented now. The main goal is CI so that the end result of these workflows is a fully functional and deployed instance image, whenever triggered.

- **build and push docker image**

>   - runs either on a commit in the main branch or by manual trigger in Actions tab, Run workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - This workflow runs automatically on every commit to the main branch and whenever a new tag is created for the repository. Additionally, it can be triggered manually from the Actions tab under 'Run workflow,' where you can select a different branch. This process results in the creation of a new Docker image, tagged with the branch name or the tag name.
```

>   - builds the MUG image with latest invenio-override main branch
>   - builds Theme image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
